# Project 3: Windshield Wiper Subsystem
## Sami Foodim and Kaito Nguyen

### System Behavior: 
The overall goal for this project was to create a windshield wiper subsystem for a Driver's Education Smart Car. When the smart car was first made, we added an ignition subsytem, and after that we added a headlight subsystem. For the sake of needing more space when designing, we decided not to implement the headlight subsystem that was previously created, but we did include the ignition subsystem. To simulate a working car, we used a breadbard (construction base to build electronic circuits), microcontroller (a small computer), various buttons, LEDs, and switches.

Broadly, the purpose of the ignition subsystem was to identify when both the driver and passenger sits down, when their seatbelts are fastened, and if the ignition is enabled. More specifically, when the driver sits down a message should display saying: "Welcome to enhanced alarm system model 218-W25." Then, we should indicate that the ignition is enabled via a green LED, but only when both the driver and passenger seats are occupied and both seatbelts are fastened. If the ignition button is pressed when the green LED is lit, then a  normal ignition occurs extinguishing the green LED and lighting the blue LED, with a message reading "Engine Started." If the ignition is not enabled (i.e. green LED not lit), and the ignition is inhibited, a buzzer should sound, and a message stating "Ignition inhibited" followed by all the reasons why the ignition was inhibited should be displayed. This could be because one of the seatbelts weren't fastened, or one of the seats were not occupied. Once these error messages are displayed, the car system shoudl allow for additional start attempts. Additionally, after a successful ignition, we wanted the engine to continue running even if the driver/passenger removes their seatbelts, or exits the vehicle. Lastly, when the engine was running, it should be stopped when the ignition button is pushed and then released. All in all, we had five inputs (driver seat sensor, passenger seat sensor, ignition, driver seatbelt sensor, and passenger seatbelt sensor), and three outputs (buzzer, green LED, and blue LED). 

The purpose of the windshield wiper system was to let the driver have the ability to start the wipers at various modes. These four modes being: HI (high-speed), LO (low-speed), INT (intermittent/interval) and OFF (off). There will be a user display in the car (represented by an Liquid Crystal Display (LCD), which can create images) that indicates which wiper setting is being used. If the engine is running and the user selects one of the four wiper modes, the wipers should run at the appropriate mode, with the typical parameter values. If the INT mode is selected, it should be read from the intermittent delay time selector, adn the wipers should not run if the engine is not running. The display should show the selected mode, including the delay time selection (either short, medium, or long) if in the itermittent mode. Seperately, if the wiper mode selector is turned to OFF, or the engine is turned off while the wiper is moving (in any mode), complete the current cycle and then the wiper should return to zero degrees. If the wiper is hesitating within the INT mode, it should remain stationary. To simulate the choosing of modes for the windshield wipers, potentiometers were used. 

### Design Alternatives:
The piece used to represent the windshield wiper was a servo motor (a rotary that allows for precise control or angular/liner position within a mechanical system). There were two different types of servo motors we could choose from, and we decided to go with the positional servo motor. We went with the positional servo motor because of it's high precision and accuracy in positioning, as well as adjustable speed. Additionally, since a windshield wiper doesn't go a full 360 degrees in both directions continuously, it made more sense to go with the positional. We also thought that the positional looked more like a windshield wiper as well. 

### Summary of Testing Results:

### Modular Design:
TALK ABOUT HOW PROJECT 2 CODE WAS USED 
